=Sugar and Lies=
(A Different Her: The Women's Trilogy)
=Episode 22=
=The Memory Etched in the Heart=
(Wishlist: Go camping with her;
Cook for her; Driver's license)
(Watch the stars and the sunrise)
(Buy her favorite books;
Visit Tianyi High School with her)
(Give her pretty earrings;
Go to Happy Valley once)
(Take a photo together;
Go on a day trip)
(Get her snacks;
Buy her skincare)
(Give her some money)
(Stop her from
crossing her legs too casually)
(Teach her how to do makeup)
(Improve her spoken English;
Go to the beach)
(Try an escape room together)
(Take a portrait set with her;
Watch the sunset)
(Give her a bouquet of flowers)
(Buy her a new phone;
Get her a car)
(Bake pastries for her)
(Swing on the playground with her)
(Hold the most romantic
seaside wedding for her)
(Ding Daang,)
(this is the last thing)
(I can do for you.)
♪You keep running through my mind♪
♪Nothing matters more than you♪
♪Why?♪
♪You walked out of my world♪
Brother.
Sister.
Happy wedding.
Thank you.
Now, groom,
please kiss the bride.
♪That song keeps playing on repeat♪
♪Feels like
everything has frozen in time♪
♪Where our happy moments were buried♪
♪I wonder what you're doing now♪
♪Are you really happier than before?♪
♪Living the life you always wanted♪
♪The final note faded away♪
♪Let it be.
Maybe I was just holding on too tight♪
♪Roses are meant to bloom someday♪
♪Look up, you'll see a sky full of stars♪
♪You keep running through my mind♪
♪Nothing matters more than you♪
♪Why?♪
♪You walked out of my world♪
♪You are my only cure♪
♪Can you give me one more hug?♪
♪Did you hear me say please don't go♪
♪Silently I pray for you♪
♪Wishing you a better life than mine♪
♪It no longer matters
if you're not by my side♪
If one day you pass away,
where would you want to be laid to rest?
Anywhere would be fine.
As long as you're beside me.
Look, that's beautiful.
Maimai.
Where do you want
our wedding to be held?
Anywhere's fine.
Except by the beach.
I don't like doing
what everyone else does.
Got it.
Do you really get it?
Yes.
Ding Daang.
Remember when we eloped?
How about we...
doing it again?
Right now?
(Aiye Town)
Ding Daang.
I remember.
You used to pick a random chair to sit in
and secretly watching me.
I also remember,
when you gave Miaomiao that red dress,
she danced around with joy.
More importantly,
I remember you,
Ding Daang.
I'm Yu Kun.
And I'm also Chen Aming.
From the past, to now,
and into the future,
I'll always remember,
always.
Aming.
Everything I owed you.
The youth we missed.
The tears we shed.
Up until today,
standing right before you...
I've repaid them all.
Ding Daang,
tell me,
is this what you wanted?
Is it?
Your one and only
Chen Aming.
I did it.
You never owed me anything.
Thanks for waiting.
Red.
Same here.
No more pretending from now on.
That feels great.
My dear Dr. Hu, thank you.
Showing off your love, huh?
Sorry about that.
Not as sweet as us.
My silly little brother.
Your turn to make a big move.
Alright, alright.
Stop teasing them.
Look, Xibei's ears are turning red.
(Warning)
What's wrong?
You want Chen Aming
to come back that badly?
His health just triggered an alert.
Turn on the locator.
(Warning)
(Tong Sui Store, Aiye Town)
They're here.
How did this happen?
The system's been overridden.
A hidden program's been implanted.
Must be Yu Kun behind this.
Open the surveillance first.
Ding Daang.
Do you know
how I managed to stay alive?
You guys
all want that coward Chen Aming back.
He only knows
how to run away from reality.
A man crushed by his past.
No, he's not!
Without Yu Kun,
he should've been gone.
Let me tell you.
It was me, Yu Kun, who took it all on.
It was me!
When you were at your lowest,
when you needed help most,
he pushed you away.
He has no right to come back?
You pretended to be Aming.
You liar.
I didn't.
From the very beginning,
I've always been Yu Kun.
Let's get going now.
Maimai, there's no time.
We're too far from the store.
Yu Kun's out of his mind.
He must have planned this way ahead.
He's been acting all along.
I'm worried if this goes on,
Ding Daang might really get hurt.
And even the boss will die.
Ding Daang.
Have you ever actually loved Chen Aming?
Then why can't you tell the difference
between him and me?
I'm not Aming.
I'm nothing like Aming!
I'm not!
Without me,
you would have died
in some forgotten corner.
Zhou Haoran.
Lin Xibei.
You two ungrateful rats.
Why did you betray me?
Why?
Boss.
She is Ding Daang.
The woman you loved most.
Shut up!
If everything in the past was fake,
then just end me now.
If everything we had was a lie,
then just take me out of this!
♪I forgot this is a movie meant for one♪
♪Somehow you're still here,
crying with me♪
♪They say♪
♪Lovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie♪
♪Some endings cannot be changed♪
♪They don't belong in sweet memories♪
♪I've already lost you♪
♪Thinking of it takes my breath away♪
♪The movie ends, so many couples around♪
♪Yet none were ever like us♪
♪The past will always pass♪
♪If you could still hold me tight
in your arms♪
♪I'd believe
that there are miracles in love♪
♪I'd prove
that I'm still in love with you♪
♪I've learned how to cherish
what we had♪
♪But sadly, it's not you♪